---
layout: post
title: Habits
description: Oh, the forces of the nature... they’re... inevitable
author: edu
tags: [story]
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528784351875-d797d86873a1?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&auto=format&fit=crop&w=750&q=80
category: Calming the stormy sea
comments: false
permalink: /calming-the-stormy-sea/habits/
---

As I sip my tea, I begin to reminisce.

It feels like it was so long ago, but no! I think she was sitting on this chair in front of me just last week. Or was it three months ago?

I really can’t remember... in fact, I’m a bit confused.

Oh yeah, I told her all that stuff. I promised out loud that I shall (would) forget her. Forever.

Much like ‘The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind’, she was my Clementine, though I could swear she was my Summer. I friend of mine is sure she is my Robin.

I don’t know, maybe it doesn’t make any difference by now.

She’s just wild nature.

And I’m just delighted I had the opportunity to feel the warm of that sunshine on my skin.

‘But I will remember you. And all that was for two.’ she said.

Funny how I romanticized every moment of us.

Hmm, I’m just doing again right now. As I write this, I’m thinking about the lyrics of that song… how was it like? Yes, something like ‘You just made me change / But then you changed from me’.

Well, it was obvious what happened.

I still think maybe it was some of catch-22 scenario, though. Some self fulfilling prophecy, those evitable-but-inevitable situations, due to my ‘peculiar’ personality.

I said I would forget her.

How foolish.

Once again, risking idealizing it all, I think about Joel's mind, preventing him from forgetting her. She’s in every single piece of him. She’s in every single piece of me. She’s in every place I go, she’s in every thing I do.

I’m a man of habits, you know…

At least I was.

How is it possible to learn so many new things in so little time?

Oh, I know the answer!

Inspiration.

I was one before, now I became a new one. Something happened.

Someone happened.

It’s peaceful here. I like it.

And I like tea… now.